tomorrow is the final day of Fashion
Week Fashion Week has been going on in
New York this is where the wildest and
the most unwearable clothes and all the
world go on parade and we want to have
some fun with that so we sent a crew to
New York to ask fashionistas an
important question that question is
should Pete Rose be reinstated by Major
League Baseball after the Astros cheated
that win the World Series Pete Rose is
like hey why am I still bad so we asked
the models and designers in New York for
fashion week about Pete Rose and that
here's how that went today I'm wearing
MSG M my jewels are vice Ross ski and my
jackets from ASOS excellent and should
Pete Rose still be banned from major
league baseball I'm not a huge sports
person do you guys think Major League
Baseball should reinstate Pete Rose
don't know anything about are you here
for Fashion Week
yes in light of the Houston Astros not
really being punished for their signs
stealing scandal is it time for Major
League Baseball to reinstate Pete Rose
um yeah I agree with that why
well take your time
well I just think that in a complex
situation like this different voices
should be heard is it time to let Petros
back in the game - let who is it time to
let Pete Rose back into the game
yes how do you feel that way sorry can
you ask me another question what's up
can you ask me another question sure why
is it time to let Petros back in the
game
do you consider Petros the Vera Wang of
baseball yes why because I think the
whole representation of who it is
you know just defines it so I think so
big pit walls yeah okay good a lot Fitz
Roz just really good luck George Green
George way from Brooklyn New York here
for Fashion Week no I'm just passing by
for work okay let me ask you this have
Badgley Mischka jump the shark yes what
do you love about Fashion Week leo
what do I love about Fashion Week it
that makes people even more excited
about their true selves and my fashion
it's always like a huge circle like the
trends and the techniques they always
come up like the whole environmental
kind of trance
and when I think about system stability
is not all about thinking green and like
it but it's beautiful how everything it
comes together is it time for Major
League Baseball to reinstate Pete Rose
what is that was faithful what are you
guys excited about well we absolutely
love Fashion Week this is our 10th
season I know and we're heading to the
Badgley Mischka show wearing badly
Mishka so super excited to be dressed by
the designers this year yeah is it time
for Major League Baseball to reinstate
Pete Rose oh my gosh daddy so I do think
that it's time heroes we love you is it
time for baseball to move on from tight
pants no
I am TV Killam click below to subscribe
to our YouTube channel or if you want to
be that way about adults